Team Members: Connor Simpson, Lewis Graham, Connor Barr


-10/9/19 (Day 1):

Our team decided to take the time in the Labs to come up with the skeleton
structure for our project as all team members have varying degrees of practice and
skill with the Game engine we are using.

We decided on using the unreal engine to create a first-person 3D platforming game,
we all thought of the mechanics that could be implamented based on what we know.


-17/9/20 (Day 2):

We met up and talked about getting our Project onto Github where we can all access
the prototype.

We then followed that up with writting the needed points that our Documentation has
to mention, to act like a to-do list for us to follow.

Afterwards we continue to create the pre-Alpha of the Game before deciding on spucing
it up.


-24/9/19 (Day 3):

Our Lab time consited of us transfering our documentation to GitHub with varying success.

Whether or not we can incrementaly edit the documents is yet to be seen, but just in case,
Simpson gave Barr a copy of the Level for Unreal and the documentation.

Lewis was creating a more refined layout for the Documentation, making it more easy to layout
our information.

-01/9/19 (Day 4):

Connor Simpson decided to redo the Level as it became a cluttered mess, he made a much more
superior Level hub and implamented the function to transition to the First Level.

Connor Barr finish the main major character/player functions such as jumping walking and jogging.
Which dictates how far the player jumps.

Lewis grabbed a couple of free audio samples from a website and is planning to test them out.


-8/10/19 (Day 4):

In this weeks lab, our group decide to do seperate things, which we haven't had the time to do
or haven't commited the time to do yet.

Connor Barr continues to implament character actions into the project whilst Connor Simpson works on writting
up some of the project's details onto the bare documentation.

Lewis on the other-hand is working on creating a test log for certain features of the game to be assest
on later.
